Update configure-the-outbound-spam-policy.md (#3317)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/configure-the-outbound-spam-policy.md

   - **Off**: All automatic external email forwarding is disabled by the policy.

 > [!NOTE]

>  > When Automatic Forwarding is disabled, For external senders sending to a mailbox that has forwarding in place, The recipient will get an NDR that they are not allowed to forward. For internal senders the sender will get the NDR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > When Automatic Forwarding is disabled, the recipient will receive a non-delivery report (NDR) if external senders send email to a mailbox that has forwarding in place. If the email is sent by an internal sender, the sender will get the NDR.
```
